hello and welcome to another edition of
this week in YouTube the show that's
just including Shira Lazar and the
opening credits to mess with you at this
point suckin on LAN hats and I'm Laura
Matt's Co our top story this week Katie
Holmes and Tom Cruise performed whatever
Lola wants at a motion picture and
television benefit
recline yourself Rosario
homes and crews had to make time to
practice the complex routine in between
not making films and not having sex with
each other crews of course has only
previously had this kind of romantic
chemistry with one other partner never
close your eyes anymore when I kiss your
lips rapper Drake was flashed on stage
this week and thankfully for all of us
the whole thing was caught on tape
Drake acted surprised to have a woman
show him her breasts in public even
though this used to happen all the time
on the Degrassi set weird
I think this girl may have just been
confused when the crowd yelled to see
something flat and spotty they were
talking about Drake and now the best
exact recreation of the film downfall by
a single non German guy we've seen all
week after seeing the video Michelle
bombshell McGee explained that she was
like totally doing the same thing so you
know that's why there's all those
pictures of her dressed as a Nazi you
guys cuz YouTube meme me me me
brandon hardesty followed up this video
with reenactments of Oliver Twist
triumph of the will and the eternal Jew
hey wonder how he picks which movies to
cover
the first actual trailer for Robert
Rodriguez's machete came out in honor of
this year's Cinco de Mayo celebration
and he kills the bad guys the Governor
of Arizona has already sworn to deport
all copies of the film back to Mexico
before they can be screened also she's
officially renamed guacamole
avocado sauce the film is a spin-off of
a short made for the 2007 film
grindhouse which itself is a spin-off of
this conversation Quentin Tarantino and
Robert Rodriguez one sad after deadened
totally baked so it seems like maybe pop
sensation Justin Bieber isn't really all
that smart good thing he's so dreamy
Jeremy Jimin sorry that's the Kiwi
accent going on there Jimin you know
German I don't know what that mean like
it so let me get this straight
this guy taught himself German in order
to recreate a scene from a foreign art
house film d44 Putin Stacy
and this other guy literally doesn't
know the meaning of the English word
German and the second guy gets all the
fame and money in the ladies really it's
Justin Bieber he's adorable I'll just
never understand women well clearly and
that does it for this week in YouTube be
sure to check out all our episodes and
some other great shows on this weekend
com4 lawn harris i'm laura mats co
watching youtube so you don't have to
hey Laura thanks for coming down so
where do you see yourself in five years
well I hadn't really thought about that
okay we'll come back to that one give me
an example of a decision you made at
your last job that resulted in a
significant increase in market share and
that also contained a humorous reference
to a youtube video you'd recently
watched hi can I get back to you on that
one sure how punctual would you consider
yourself on a scale of 1 to 17 but
should we just do an episode see how it
goes then kind of go from there hmm you
know that that may be a better way to
pick co-hosts